APM/DBM full mode for SQL Server (#24564)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/connect_dbm_and_apm.md

\* [CommandType.StoredProcedure][25] not supported

\*\* Full mode SQL Server/Java:

> - This mode is in beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this communicates anything. My question as a customer would be "what does beta mean?"

Author: Here `beta` means: "This is a brand new feature. We don't have any known issues, but not many customers are using it.". What would be the best way to put it? Shall we omit `beta` completely?

Reviewer 2: I would remove this line

Author: removed now

> - The instrumentation makes an additional roundtrip to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The instrumentation requires a `SET` query when the client issues a query, which makes an additional round-trip to the database.
```
